docs: Administration guide - Calculating Che resource requirements (#2270)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/con_operator-requirements.adoc

// {prod-id-short}-compute-resources-requirements

[id="operator-requirements_{context}"]
= {prod-short} Operator requirements

> {prod-short} Operator manages six operands running in six distinct pods. The following table presents the default resource requirements of each of these operands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {prod-short} Operator manages six operands running in six distinct pods. The following table presents the default resource requirements of each of these operands.
```

[cols="2,2,1,1", options="header"]
.{prod-short} operator operands
|===
|Pod
|Container names
|Default memory limit
|Default memory request

|{prod-short} Server
|{prod-short}
|1 Gi
|512 MiB

|{prod-short} Gateway
|`gateway`, `configbump`, `oauth-proxy`, `kube-rbac-proxy`
| 4 Gi, 256Mi, 512Mi, 512Mi
| 128 Mi, 64Mi, 64Mi, 64Mi

|{prod-short} Dashboard
|`{prod-short}-dashboard`
|256 Mi
|32 Mi

|PostgreSQL
|`postgres`
|1 Gi
|512 Mi

|Devfile registry
|`che-devfile-registry`
|256 Mi
|32 Mi

|Plug-in registry
|`che-plugin-registry`
|256 Mi
|32 Mi
|===

> The {prod-short} Operator, that powers all the operands, consists of a single container with the `64Mi` memory request and `256Mi` limit. These default values are sufficient when the {prod-short} Operator manages a relatively big amount of {prod-short} workspaces. For larger deployments, consider increasing the defaults.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {prod-short} Operator, which powers all the operands, consists of a single container with the `64Mi` memory request and `256Mi` limit. These default values are sufficient when the {prod-short} Operator manages a relatively big amount of {prod-short} workspaces. For even larger deployments, consider increasing the defaults.  
```
